Fix Sequelize primary key settings (#605)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/quick-start/node.md

Now that we have a successful connection to the `defaultdb` database, we
can build out our first database and model.

<highlight type="warning">

> You can skip the steps 1 and 2 if you're going to use TimescaleDB cloud. The

Reviewer: Link to either the Cloud sign-up page or the Docs "cloud getting started" page. @Loquacity or @lukas-bernert have thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Point to the new cloud install page: timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/install-timescaledb/installation-cloud/

After https://github.com/timescale/docs/pull/583/ merges, that page will go live, note that we will be moving it again shortly, though.

> You can skip the steps 1 and 2 if you're going to use TimescaleDB cloud. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can skip the first two steps if you're going to use TimescaleDB cloud. The
```

> service will create a database with the extension already enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
service creates a database with the extension already enabled.
```
